Stevens Johnson syndrome (SJS) is a skin condition where cell death occurs resulting in the separation of the epidermis from the dermis. This results in lesions on the skin. SJS affects the eyes and the eyelids in many cases. It is believed that SJS is caused mainly due to reactions to certain kinds of medication. Along with this, certain types of infections and, sometimes, cancers are also thought to be causes of SJS. Medication seems to be the leading cause for SJS and related complications. According to one of the studies, antimicrobial drugs seem to account for almost half the cases of SJS. Next in line are non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs followed by anti-seizure drugs. Nevirapine, which is used to contain HIV, is one of the leading causes of SJS. It accounts for almost a third of all cases. In some cases, it was also hypothesized that the seasonal influenza vaccine with another drug was the cause of SJS in a patient. Sulfasalazine was also found to be a trigger in a couple of documented cases. 
As far as treatment of SJS goes, there doesn't seem to be any consensus on the preferred mode of treatment. Usually corticosteroids and intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) are being used to treat SJS. Although treatment with IVIG is mainly thought to be beneficial, recent studies have cast doubts on this conclusion. Plasmapheresis and cyclosporine have also been effectively, but there isn't a lot of literature on the efficacy of these two drugs. Amniotic membrane transplant is another approach that is used to treat patients with SJS. 

The Echidna is an egg-laying mammal found mainly in Australia. Their body is covered in coarse hair and spines. They are believed to have evolved from the platypus and their ancestors were amphibians. They have long beaks with which they catch their prey. According to one study, the short beak echidna, Tachyglossus aculeatus, can live for as long as 50 years. This is almost 3.7 times its predicted life-span based on its body mass. This is believed to be due to a peroxidation-resistant membrane composition. Their reproduction, too, is somewhat of a mystery. One study found that the females repeatedly go into hibernation even after mating. Males were found to mate with females that were in torpor. It is believed that this is due to extreme competition between highly promiscuous males. 

Professor Skiena has 27 papers listed on Pubmed as of 10/02/2011. Quite a few papers concentrate on core computational biology areas such as PCR primer desgin, virus attenuation etc. and have a considerable number of citations. This wouldn't be the case if the papers weren't up to the mark :) All of the papers on PubMed were also available on other sources like Google Scholar. 
